I just heard at the door
They talk about it
Who welcomes the mysterious whistle in the competition?
What is Li Sihan called?
Why, do you want to meet this Li Sihan?
I've seen what he did to me. Do you know him?
I just want other books
This white lover's business is good
I thought I was full too, but I didn’t expect it was really you.
This is the place where I know how to be so proud of history
How could your fear of dogs be so popular? He’s not right
I'm a friend now
No need to be here
Of course I am the brother and the eldest
Manpower is not required yet
You are also involved
How did it change
Who is the little one who wants to dance?
Shame on me if I were
I might take less trips to see
Don't know anything
Just feel it
Do you want this group congratulation?
But this year it’s the opposite
The latest luxury haute couture
Look at a piece worth five hundred dollars
You especially didn’t say
Can you afford this brand of Wari clothing?
Even if he could afford it, he wouldn't be eligible.
This lining takes away the layer here and that layer
She is my new girl tonight
Did you hear it?
Even if I clean up thousands of you scoundrels
All can afford these
Wear fake or forget it
There is actually such a group of people at all levels
It's time to roll in
Stop moving. What kind of history is there?
If you don't want me to marry a bastard, go to hell.
We are the least close in all our history
Otherwise, I'd better leave